c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/appsettings.Development.json
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/appsettings.json
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.exe
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.deps.json
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.pdb
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Humanizer.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/alpine-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-arm/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-armel/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-mips64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-musl-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-s390x/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-x86/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/osx-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/osx-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/win-arm/native/e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Application.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Domain.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Infraestructure.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Domain.pdb
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Application.pdb
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Infraestructure.pdb
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/staticwebassets.build.json
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/staticwebassets.development.json
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/scopedcss/bundle/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.styles.css
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/refint/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.pdb
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/ref/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/AutoMapper.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:/Users/Admin/Desktop/Trabajo/Trabajo Final/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/appsettings.Development.json
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/appsettings.json
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.deps.json
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.runtimeconfig.json
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.pdb
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/AutoMapper.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/System.Text.Json.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/alpine-arm/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/alpine-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/alpine-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/browser-wasm/nativeassets/net6.0/e_sqlite3.a
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-arm/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-armel/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-mips64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-musl-arm/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-musl-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-musl-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-s390x/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/linux-x86/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/maccatalyst-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/maccatalyst-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/osx-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/osx-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/win-arm/native/e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/runtimes/browser/lib/net6.0/System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Application.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Domain.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Infraestructure.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Domain.pdb
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Application.pdb
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/bin/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.Infraestructure.pdb
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/staticwebassets.build.json
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/staticwebassets.development.json
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/scopedcss/bundle/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.styles.css
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.csproj.CopyComplete
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/refint/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.pdb
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
/Users/garytorres/Downloads/Curso.ComercioElectronico/src/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi/obj/Debug/net6.0/ref/Curso.ComercioElectronico.HttpApi.dll
